[Update] Preparations for U10 release (#1029)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios: README.md

ArcGIS Runtime SDK for iOS Samples [![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2257493/54144188-6fe0fc00-43e8-11e9-8cf5-229af80f604a.png)](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/arcgis-runtime-sdk-for-ios/id1180714771)
==========================

> This repository contains Swift sample code demonstrating the capabilities of [ArcGIS Runtime SDK for iOS](https://developers.arcgis.com/ios/) and how to use them in your own app. The project that can be opened in Xcode and run on a simulator or a device. Or you can [download the app from the App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/arcgis-runtime-sdk-for-ios/id1180714771) on your iOS device.

Reviewer: That's correct. The new links should redirect, but thanks for taking care of this one!

> This repository contains Swift sample code demonstrating the capabilities of [ArcGIS Runtime SDK for iOS](https://developers.arcgis.com/ios/) and how to use them in your own app. The project that can be opened in Xcode and run on a simulator or a device. Or you can [download the app from the App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/arcgis-runtime-sdk-for-ios/id1180714771) on your iOS device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This repository contains Swift sample code demonstrating the capabilities of [ArcGIS Runtime SDK for iOS](https://developers.arcgis.com/ios/) and how to use them in your own app. The project can be opened in Xcode and run on a simulator or a device. Or you can [download the app from the App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/arcgis-runtime-sdk-for-ios/id1180714771) on your iOS device.
```

1. **Fork** and then **clone** the repository
1. **Install** the ArcGIS Runtime SDK for iOS by running the `pod install` command in the folder where you cloned this repository
1. **Open** the `arcgis-ios-sdk-samples.xcworkspace` **workspace** file

> 1. **Select** the `arcgis-ios-sdk-samples` project node, go to the `Build Phases` tab, and **delete** the phases for `Embed Frameworks`. (the phase conflicts with CocoaPods and are only required when using the installed SDK as described in the previous section)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Select** the `arcgis-ios-sdk-samples` project node, go to the `Build Phases` tab, and **delete** the phases for `Embed Frameworks`. (This phase conflicts with CocoaPods and is only required when using the installed SDK as described in the previous section)
```
